Palette Picker Submission Form
Project Spec

Basics
Link to the GitHub Repository for the Project
https://github.com/lkshamus/Palette-Picker

Link to the Deployed Application
https://lkshamus-palette-picker.herokuapp.com/

Link to your annotated server file
https://github.com/lkshamus/Palette-Picker/blob/master/server.js

Completion
Were you able to complete the base functionality?
I completed everything except for the delete functionality. This is solely due to time constraints

Link to an image of your wireframe(s)
On the README:
https://github.com/lkshamus/Palette-Picker

Which extensions, if any, did you complete?
no extensions

Code Quality
Link to a specific block of your code on GitHub that you are proud of
Honestly I'm not sure which block of code I am proud of. I had the most trouble setting up my Knex server, so I am proud of that, even if I don't think the code is necessarily well written, since it was my first time ever building a real server. 

Why were you proud of this piece of code?
I am proud of this because it was my first time writing a Knex server. 

Why do you feel not awesome about the code? What challenges did you face trying to write/refactor it?
I don't think most of my code is dry in my scripts.js file. I found it difficult to not use state in my project, as I typically would in React. Looking back, I should have used classes to dry up my code because some of my functions are very repetitive 

Link to Design Inspiration
I tried to remake the UI from coolers.co, but add my own personality in it. I really like that my title has randomized colors for each letter of Palette

Instructor Feedback (Instructor Name)
Specification Adherence
x points: (50 possible points)

User Interface
x points: (20 possible points)

Commented Server File
x points: (10 possible points)

JavaScript Style
x points: (30 possible points)

Workflow
x points: (20 possible points)

To get a 3 on this project, you need to score 95 points or higher
To get a 4 on this project, you need to score 115 points or higher
Final Score: x / 130
