Palette Picker Submission Form

Basics

Link to the GitHub Repository for the Project

https://github.com/hsanchez7934/hs-palette-picker

Link to the Deployed Application

https://hs-palette-picker-12-1-17.herokuapp.com/

Link to your annotated server file

https://github.com/hsanchez7934/hs-palette-picker/tree/hs-annotated

Completion

Were you able to complete the base functionality?

Yes.

Which extensions, if any, did you complete?
none

Code Quality

Link to a specific block of your code on GitHub that you are proud of
https://github.com/hsanchez7934/hs-palette-picker/blob/master/public/js/index.js

Why were you proud of this piece of code?

Honestly, I'm kind of proud of everything that I wrote here, I know there can be
some refactoring, but after not having written jquery for a few months now, I feel proud
of the functionality I was able to implement with jquery.

happy code

Link to a specific block of your code on GitHub that you feel not great about
https://github.com/hsanchez7934/hs-palette-picker/blob/master/public/js/index.js

Why do you feel not awesome about the code? What challenges did you face trying to write/refactor it?

On line 164, function onSavePaletteClick, this function handles a lot of logic and is very long.
I know that with some refactoring I can clean it up and make it easier to read.
sad code

Attach a screenshot or paste the output from your terminal of the result of your test-suite running.
test suite
Palette Picker is running on 3000.
  Client Routes

    ✓ should return the homepage with text (54ms)
    ✓ should return 404 error for nonexistent route
 
 API Routes
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should fetch projects
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should fetch color palette from targeted project
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should be able to post project to database (50ms)
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should return 422 is project is missing name
 Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should post palette to project
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should return 422 if missing a required property
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should destroy palette
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should destroy project if project
      has no associated palettes
Seeding test complete!
    ✓ should not destroy project
      if it has associated palettes
11 passing (775ms)

Link to Design Inspiration

Show us what you used as design inspiration (another color picker site, a dribbble UI element, a user flow, etc.) and explain what you stole from it

I really like the design of the wireframe that was including in the palette picker spec, I spent a lot of time reviewing the lessons
on express and knex and I know I didn't devote too much time to UI research.  My UI is modeled after the wireframe that
is included in the palette picker, I felt that it was really easy to read and I really like it. 

Please feel free to ask any other questions or make any other statements below!
Anything else you wanna say!

Instructor Feedback (Instructor Name)

Specification Adherence

x points: (50 possible points)

User Interface

x points: (20 possible points)

Testing

x points: (20 possible points)

Commented Server File

x points: (10 possible points)

JavaScript Style

x points: (30 possible points)

Workflow

x points: (20 possible points)

To get a 3 on this project, you need to score 110 points or higher

To get a 4 on this project, you need to score 130 points or higher

Final Score: x / 150
